# Memory-Game
Hello welcome back today I am uploading a memory game. The goal of this game is a user will attempt to see if he has a great memory or a terrible one. There are 16 cards, and 8 pairs of letters. The goal is to click on one card and attempt to find another card that matches. If you mismathc the card will flip back and you will have to try again. However if you do find a match the matched card will remain flipped in order for you to find the remainder of the matches. Once you have found all the matches a new board will be automatically generated. 
# Programming
To create this program you will need css, html, and javascript. I say this because sometimes there are programs where you only need html,javascript or css and javascript, etc. 
# Details about the game
  Now if you notice there are many changes you could make to the program itself. For example the amount of cards I have is 16 however you can either add more or less. Just make sure it's an even number of cards or else it ruins the point of the matching game.  You could also change the styling of the boxes as you notice I have a blue border but you can make it whatever color you want. You can also change the amount of time for the cards to flip bck over when it doesn't match. This is important because you don't want the cards to still be there while you are trying to guess new cards. 
  There are three main functions in this program. The first one is the New board which is simply where after you have matched all the cards and it will automatically generate. The next function memory flip tile basically keeps track of all the cards that were flipped. If you notice there is an if else statement which is very important. The first if statement focuses on the card that match. It states that if the cards match they will stay flipped. As the user goes along matching the cards they stay fliped over. Once all the cards are matched then it will randomly regenerate another board. Now you must be wondering what about the else statement? Well that else statement contains the third function which is the flip2bak. This function is what makes the cards flip back over when they don't match. This is important because if the mismatched cards are still flipped up while you are trying to guess the other cards it defeats the purpose. 
